It was very "easy to follow", and made it very interesting.
Practical
Helpful helpers and "easy to follow"
"Easy to follow" and very helpful to have someone taking the note
The entire session was clear, easy to follow.
recap the bullet points is great
very friendly and inclusive
it is very useful and easy to follow.
I found the workshop easy to follow thanks to the pad
Interesting and helpful to have the notes to check later
"Easy to follow" and very helpful helpers :)
very useful and clear
enjoyed the exercises, was very clear
Questions are addressed in a helpful and quick manner
Very practical.
"Easy to follow"
very useful
"easy to follow"
Excellently explained, well paced and really thorough
very useful
Again very well organised, quick responses from the helpers, great teamwork
Contents were useful for me, very happy to attend the session
Great presentation of loops that are sometimes tricky to wrap your head around!
thought it covered a lot and nice to see how things can build on each other with the exercises :) thank
you.
Comprehensive, covered a lot. Excellently explained and well paced.
Great presentation. Very useful and well explained
pipes
nice pace, useful
useful
It was "easy to follow" as having immediate support from the team.
nice and useful - clear
comprehensive
useful - nice
clear - concise
great - explained clearly
useful "easy to follow"
good at explaining and the paste
good presentation - move slowly but it was the right paste so I could understand what was going
on and I was not left behind - helpful to share the screen and the help and support . Help was
really good . approachable and easy to ask for help
very clear and didn't get bored -
accessible - open and friendly
useful , friendly
useful 
Thank you for the workshop - was really helpful and the pace was perfect (for someone who was completely unfamiliar with git before this)
Really good content; very good instruction!
Thank you for this workshop! It's really useful to see you typing the commands.
Very complete and helpful
Fantastic workshop! I found it incredibly useful.
Excellently explained and well paced
Really great! Very good pace. Was nice to be asked for feedback in :) / :( as we went along.
Thank you very much - a great introduction for beginners to understand how to navigate git
excellent
Great presentation. Really like the dynamic way you work guys. The main instructor and the helpers. Thank you! 
Very nice course, thank you! All the instructors did a great job making sure that everyone was following
Really helpful, good pace, great Q&A too, liked the screen sharing of people's errors, the recap of git at the start was useful too :)
Great workshop! Really enjoyed it. Nicely paced. 
Well explained at a really good pace. Great!
Really good workshop, pace very good , info very useful
Everything was explained clearly. Instructors did a good job of making sure everyone was following.
Great workshop, really useful and will make sure to use it a lot in the future
Thank you for a great workshop again! Good pace, content and mode of delivery.
The content and methodology are beginner friendly
I love your patience and the ability to explain complex things simply
Easy to follow and very helpful helpers :)
very useful and clear
enjoyed the exercise, was very clear 
Questions are addressed in a helpful and quick manner
Very practical.
Easy to follow
very useful 
easy to follow